README.md, before:

# Riichi Telegram Bot

## Implemented Features

#### Version 1.1

```
1. Added sending private messge to SMCRM users upon game completion
2. Added submitting of final score only
3. Added help
```

#### Version 1.0

```
1. Complete Riichi score tracker
2. Deleting of last recorded hand as a means of correcting mistakes
3. Connect to and store game information to SMCRM db
4. Allow for non SMCRM members to use the app without game storing functionalities
```

## Setup

#### 1. Initialize Database

###### Create a database named riichi and run the following command

```sh
cd ${repo_dir_location}/database/
psql riichi <your_db_username>
\i init.sql
```

###### This will setup the database tables

---

#### 2. Update config file

###### Open config.py loacted in ${repo_dir_location} and edit the dictionaries accordingly

```
bot_token: Token for the telegram bot obtained form bot father
db_host: Host of the db eg. localhost
db_database: Name of the database eg. riichi
db_user: <your_db_username>
db_password: <your_db_password>
```

---

#### 3. Run the system

```sh
cd ${repo_dir_location}/
python app.py
```

## Take Note


```
in db Players table, only players who's reg_status is 'complete' is considered a valid player
Once the project is running, if there are any future changes to database table, do not update the tables by editing init.sql and re-initializing as it would cause all saved data in the db to be deleted. Instead, create another sql file to modify tables without affecting current data.
```

Commit message:

added requirements.txt and updated readme

README.md, after:

# Riichi Telegram Bot

## Implemented Features

#### Version 1.1

```
1. Added sending private messge to SMCRM users upon game completion
2. Added submitting of final score only
3. Added help
```

#### Version 1.0

```
1. Complete Riichi score tracker
2. Deleting of last recorded hand as a means of correcting mistakes
3. Connect to and store game information to SMCRM db
4. Allow for non SMCRM members to use the app without game storing functionalities
```

## Setup

#### 1. Initialize Database

###### Create a database named riichi, open a command prompt and run the following commands

```sh
cd ${repo_dir_location}/database/
psql riichi <your_db_username>
\i init.sql
```

###### This will setup the database tables

---

#### 2. Update config file

###### Open config.py loacted in ${repo_dir_location} and edit the dictionaries accordingly

```
bot_token: Token for the telegram bot obtained form bot father
db_host: IP address of the database, if the database is ran locally, put localhost
db_database: Name of the database eg. riichi
db_user: <your_db_username>
db_password: <your_db_password>
```

---

#### 3. Run the system

###### Open another command prompt and run

```sh
cd ${repo_dir_location}/
pip install -r requirements.txt
python app.py
```

###### This will run the application. Note that this command prompt cannot be closed or the application will stop

## Take Note


```
in db Players table, only players who's reg_status is 'complete' is considered a valid player
Once the project is running, if there are any future changes to database table, do not update the tables by editing init.sql and re-initializing as it would cause all saved data in the db to be deleted. Instead, create another sql file to modify tables without affecting current data.
```
